This is a E- commerce website front-end project named **_Cara_** 🧑‍💻 which helps user to view different types of products.
It has several pages connected together to look like a website. Those pages are:

**Home  Shop  Blog  About  Contact**
                                                                
                                             _Description of Each Page_

**Home Page**

Like any other website's Home page this Home page also display some projects and contains link for other pages for easy navigation. It also attracts user towards the website due to its amazing design. At the bottom it contains the details about the address and other important links.

**Shop Page**
The Shop Page mainly concentrated on the bussiness displays many projects for a user to buy. It displays the image of the product with its price in dollars, it also gives the add to cart option to the user.

**Blog Page**

The Blog Page will display the blogs which contains different types of details related to the material used in the websites products. Which will help user to understand the quality of material for making a perfect decision to buy a correct product.

**About Page**

The About Page displays the details of the company to give user a assurity that he is using a correct resource. It also displays a video sample for downloading a App. Many more options are also added. The text which the description contains does not contain any meaning because it is a _lorem_ type text which is auto generated by a system but when we will deal with a real website then we can use the details of the company.

**Contact Page**

The Contact Page displays the details of the address of the company and contact number for a user to get in touch with the company. It displays a map with the help of this map user can easily find the location of the company. It also contains a feedback section for a user to give his/her feedback of the website.

                                                    _Technologies Used_

**HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language)**

**CSS(Cascading Style Sheets)**

**JavaScript**

**NOTE**

It is completely a front- end projects so it will display many buttons which you can only see but will not be able to perform the desired operations.
